{"page_content": "Select the correct resource type, size, and number - Cost Optimization PillarSelect the correct resource type, size, and number - Cost Optimization PillarAWSDocumentationAWS Well-ArchitectedAWS Well-Architected FrameworkSelect the correct resource type, size, and number \n      By selecting the best resource type, size, and number of\n      resources, you meet the technical requirements with the lowest\n      cost resource. Right-sizing activities takes into account all of\n      the resources of a workload, all of the attributes of each\n      individual resource, and the effort involved in the right-sizing\n      operation. Right-sizing can be an iterative process, initiated by\n      changes in usage patterns and external factors, such as AWS price\n      drops or new AWS resource types. Right-sizing can also be one-off\n      if the cost of the effort to right-size, outweighs the potential\n      savings over the life of the workload.\n    \n      In AWS, there are a number of different approaches:\n    Best practicesCOST06-BP01 Perform cost modelingCOST06-BP02 Select resource type, size, and number based on\n  dataCOST06-BP03 Select resource type, size, and number\n  automatically based on metrics Javascript is disabled or is unavailable in your browser.To use the Amazon Web Services Documentation, Javascript must be enabled. Please refer to your browser's Help pages for instructions.Document ConventionsCOST05-BP06 Perform cost analysis for different usage over\n  timeCOST06-BP01 Perform cost modelingDid this page help you? - YesThanks for letting us know we're doing a good job!If you've got a moment, please tell us what we did right so we can do more of it.Did this page help you? - NoThanks for letting us know this page needs work. We're sorry we let you down.If you've got a moment, please tell us how we can make the documentation better.", "metadata": {"source": "https://docs.aws.amazon.com/wellarchitected/latest/cost-optimization-pillar/select-the-correct-resource-type-size-and-number.html", "title": "Select the correct resource type, size, and number - Cost Optimization Pillar", "description": "By selecting the best resource type, size, and number of resources, you meet the technical requirements with the lowest cost resource. Right-sizing activities takes into account all of the resources of a workload, all of the attributes of each individual resource, and the effort involved in the right-sizing operation. Right-sizing can be an iterative process, initiated by changes in usage patterns and external factors, such as AWS price drops or new AWS resource types. Right-sizing can also be one-off if the cost of the effort to right-size, outweighs the potential savings over the life of the workload.", "language": "en-US"}}