{"page_content": "SUS 2 How do you align cloud resources to your demand? - AWS Well-Architected FrameworkSUS 2 How do you align cloud resources to your demand? - AWS Well-Architected FrameworkAWSDocumentationAWS Well-ArchitectedFrameworkSUS 2 How do you align cloud resources to your demand?The way users and applications consume your workloads and other resources can help you identify improvements to meet sustainability goals. Scale infrastructure to continually match demand and verify that you use only the minimum resources required to support your users. Align service levels to customer needs. Position resources to limit the network required for users and applications to consume them. Remove unused assets. Provide your team members with devices that support their needs and minimize their sustainability impact.Best practicesSUS02-BP01 Scale workload infrastructure dynamicallySUS02-BP02 Align SLAs with sustainability goalsSUS02-BP03 Stop the creation and maintenance of unused\n  assetsSUS02-BP04 Optimize geographic placement of workloads based on their networking requirementsSUS02-BP05 Optimize team member resources for activities\n  performedSUS02-BP06 Implement buffering or throttling to flatten the demand curve Javascript is disabled or is unavailable in your browser.To use the Amazon Web Services Documentation, Javascript must be enabled. Please refer to your browser's Help pages for instructions.Document ConventionsAlignment to demandSUS02-BP01 Scale workload infrastructure dynamicallyDid this page help you? - YesThanks for letting us know we're doing a good job!If you've got a moment, please tell us what we did right so we can do more of it.Did this page help you? - NoThanks for letting us know this page needs work. We're sorry we let you down.If you've got a moment, please tell us how we can make the documentation better.", "metadata": {"source": "https://docs.aws.amazon.com/wellarchitected/latest/framework/sus-02.html", "title": "SUS 2 How do you align cloud resources to your demand? - AWS Well-Architected Framework", "description": "The way users and applications consume your workloads and other resources can help you identify improvements to meet sustainability goals. Scale infrastructure to continually match demand and verify that you use only the minimum resources required to support your users. Align service levels to customer needs. Position resources to limit the network required for users and applications to consume them. Remove unused assets. Provide your team members with devices that support their needs and minimize their sustainability impact.", "language": "en-US"}}