{"page_content": "REL 13. How do you plan for disaster recovery (DR)? - AWS Well-Architected FrameworkREL 13. How do you plan for disaster recovery (DR)? - AWS Well-Architected FrameworkAWSDocumentationAWS Well-ArchitectedFramework REL 13. How do you plan for disaster recovery (DR)? Having backups and redundant workload components in place is the start of your DR strategy. RTO and RPO are your objectives for restoration of your workload. Set these based on business needs. Implement a strategy to meet these objectives, considering locations and function of workload resources and data. The probability of disruption and cost of recovery are also key factors that help to inform the business value of providing disaster recovery for a workload.Best practicesREL13-BP01 Define recovery objectives for downtime and data\n  lossREL13-BP02 Use defined recovery strategies to meet the recovery\n  objectivesREL13-BP03 Test disaster recovery implementation to validate\n  the implementationREL13-BP04 Manage configuration drift at the DR site or\n  RegionREL13-BP05 Automate recovery Javascript is disabled or is unavailable in your browser.To use the Amazon Web Services Documentation, Javascript must be enabled. Please refer to your browser's Help pages for instructions.Document ConventionsREL12-BP06 Conduct game days regularlyREL13-BP01 Define recovery objectives for downtime and data\n  lossDid this page help you? - YesThanks for letting us know we're doing a good job!If you've got a moment, please tell us what we did right so we can do more of it.Did this page help you? - NoThanks for letting us know this page needs work. We're sorry we let you down.If you've got a moment, please tell us how we can make the documentation better.", "metadata": {"source": "https://docs.aws.amazon.com/wellarchitected/latest/framework/rel-13.html", "title": "REL 13. How do you plan for disaster recovery (DR)? - AWS Well-Architected Framework", "description": "Having backups and redundant workload components in place is the start of your DR strategy. RTO and RPO are your objectives for restoration of your workload. Set these based on business needs. Implement a strategy to meet these objectives, considering locations and function of workload resources and data. The probability of disruption and cost of recovery are also key factors that help to inform the business value of providing disaster recovery for a workload.", "language": "en-US"}}