{"page_content": "REL 10. How do you use fault isolation to protect your workload? - AWS Well-Architected FrameworkREL 10. How do you use fault isolation to protect your workload? - AWS Well-Architected FrameworkAWSDocumentationAWS Well-ArchitectedFrameworkREL 10. How do you use fault isolation to protect your workload?Fault isolated boundaries limit the effect of a failure within a workload to a limited number of components. Components outside of the boundary are unaffected by the failure. Using multiple fault isolated boundaries, you can limit the impact on your workload.Best practicesREL10-BP01 Deploy the workload to multiple locationsREL10-BP02 Select the appropriate locations for your\n  multi-location deploymentREL10-BP03 Automate recovery for components constrained to a\n  single locationREL10-BP04 Use bulkhead architectures to limit scope of\n  impact Javascript is disabled or is unavailable in your browser.To use the Amazon Web Services Documentation, Javascript must be enabled. Please refer to your browser's Help pages for instructions.Document ConventionsREL09-BP04 Perform periodic recovery of the data to verify\n  backup integrity and processesREL10-BP01 Deploy the workload to multiple locationsDid this page help you? - YesThanks for letting us know we're doing a good job!If you've got a moment, please tell us what we did right so we can do more of it.Did this page help you? - NoThanks for letting us know this page needs work. We're sorry we let you down.If you've got a moment, please tell us how we can make the documentation better.", "metadata": {"source": "https://docs.aws.amazon.com/wellarchitected/latest/framework/rel-10.html", "title": "REL 10. How do you use fault isolation to protect your workload? - AWS Well-Architected Framework", "description": "Fault isolated boundaries limit the effect of a failure within a workload to a limited number of components. Components outside of the boundary are unaffected by the failure. Using multiple fault isolated boundaries, you can limit the impact on your workload.", "language": "en-US"}}