{"page_content": "Learn, share, and improve - Operational Excellence PillarLearn, share, and improve - Operational Excellence PillarAWSDocumentationAWS Well-ArchitectedAWS Well-Architected FrameworkLearn, share, and improve\n      It\u2019s essential that you regularly provide time for analysis of\n      operations activities, analysis of failures, experimentation, and\n      making improvements. When things fail, you will want to ensure\n      that your team, as well as your larger engineering community,\n      learns from those failures. You should analyze failures to\n      identify lessons learned and plan improvements. You will want to\n      regularly review your lessons learned with other teams to validate\n      your insights.\n    Best practicesOPS11-BP01 Have a process for continuous improvementOPS11-BP02 Perform post-incident analysisOPS11-BP03 Implement feedback loopsOPS11-BP04 Perform knowledge managementOPS11-BP05 Define drivers for improvementOPS11-BP06 Validate insightsOPS11-BP07 Perform operations metrics reviewsOPS11-BP08 Document and share lessons learnedOPS11-BP09 Allocate time to make improvements Javascript is disabled or is unavailable in your browser.To use the Amazon Web Services Documentation, Javascript must be enabled. Please refer to your browser's Help pages for instructions.Document ConventionsEvolveOPS11-BP01 Have a process for continuous improvementDid this page help you? - YesThanks for letting us know we're doing a good job!If you've got a moment, please tell us what we did right so we can do more of it.Did this page help you? - NoThanks for letting us know this page needs work. We're sorry we let you down.If you've got a moment, please tell us how we can make the documentation better.", "metadata": {"source": "https://docs.aws.amazon.com/wellarchitected/latest/operational-excellence-pillar/learn-share-and-improve.html", "title": "Learn, share, and improve - Operational Excellence Pillar", "description": "It\u2019s essential that you regularly provide time for analysis of operations activities, analysis of failures, experimentation, and making improvements. When things fail, you will want to ensure that your team, as well as your larger engineering community, learns from those failures. You should analyze failures to identify lessons learned and plan improvements. You will want to regularly review your lessons learned with other teams to validate your insights.", "language": "en-US"}}