{"page_content": "Manage service quotas and constraints - Reliability PillarManage service quotas and constraints - Reliability PillarAWSDocumentationAWS Well-ArchitectedAWS Well-Architected FrameworkManage service quotas and constraints For cloud-based workload architectures, there are service quotas (which are also referred\n      to as service limits). These quotas exist to prevent accidentally provisioning more resources\n      than you need and to limit request rates on API operations so as to protect services from\n      abuse. There are also resource constraints, for example, the rate that you can push bits down\n      a fiber-optic cable, or the amount of storage on a physical disk. \n      If you are using AWS Marketplace applications, you must understand\n      the limitations of those applications. If you are using\n      third-party web services or software as a service, you must be\n      aware of those limits also.\n    Best practicesREL01-BP01 Aware of service quotas and constraintsREL01-BP02 Manage service quotas across accounts and\n  regionsREL01-BP03 Accommodate fixed service quotas and constraints\n  through architectureREL01-BP04 Monitor and manage quotasREL01-BP05 Automate quota managementREL01-BP06 Ensure that a sufficient gap exists between the\n  current quotas and the maximum usage to accommodate failover Javascript is disabled or is unavailable in your browser.To use the Amazon Web Services Documentation, Javascript must be enabled. Please refer to your browser's Help pages for instructions.Document ConventionsFoundationsREL01-BP01 Aware of service quotas and constraintsDid this page help you? - YesThanks for letting us know we're doing a good job!If you've got a moment, please tell us what we did right so we can do more of it.Did this page help you? - NoThanks for letting us know this page needs work. We're sorry we let you down.If you've got a moment, please tell us how we can make the documentation better.", "metadata": {"source": "https://docs.aws.amazon.com/wellarchitected/latest/reliability-pillar/manage-service-quotas-and-constraints.html", "title": "Manage service quotas and constraints - Reliability Pillar", "description": "For cloud-based workload architectures, there are service quotas (which are also referred to as service limits). These quotas exist to prevent accidentally provisioning more resources than you need and to limit request rates on API operations so as to protect services from abuse. There are also resource constraints, for example, the rate that you can push bits down a fiber-optic cable, or the amount of storage on a physical disk.", "language": "en-US"}}