{"page_content": "Operating your workloads securely - Security PillarOperating your workloads securely - Security PillarAWSDocumentationAWS Well-ArchitectedAWS Well-Architected FrameworkOperating your workloads securelyOperating workloads securely covers the whole lifecycle of a workload from design, to\n      build, to run, and to ongoing improvement. One of the ways to improve your ability to operate\n      securely in the cloud is by taking an organizational approach to governance. Governance is the\n      way that decisions are guided consistently without depending solely on the good judgment of\n      the people involved. Your governance model and process are the way you answer the question\n      \u201cHow do I know that the control objectives for a given workload are met and are appropriate\n      for that workload?\u201d Having a consistent approach to making decisions speeds up the deployment\n      of workloads and helps raise the bar for the security capability in your organization. To operate your workload securely, you must apply overarching best practices to every area\n      of security. Take requirements and processes that you have defined in operational excellence\n      at an organizational and workload level, and apply them to all areas. Staying up to date with\n      AWS and industry recommendations and threat intelligence helps you evolve your threat model\n      and control objectives. Automating security processes, testing, and validation help you scale\n      your security operations. Automation allows consistency and repeatability of processes. People are good at many\n      things, but consistently doing the same thing repeatedly without mistakes is not one of them.\n      Even with well-written runbooks, you run the risk that people won\u2019t consistently carry out\n      repetitive tasks. This is especially true when people have diverse responsibilities and then\n      have to respond to unfamiliar alerts. Automation, however, responds the same way\n      each time. The best way to deploy applications is through automation. The code that runs the\n      deployment can be tested and then used to perform the deployment. This increases confidence in\n      the change process and reduces the risk of a failed change. To verify that the configuration meets your control objectives, test the automation and\n      the deployed application in a non-production environment first. This way, you can test the\n      automation to prove that it performed all the steps correctly. You also get early feedback in\n      the development and deployment cycle, reducing rework. To reduce the chance of deployment\n      errors, make configuration changes by code not by people. If you need to re-deploy an\n      application, automation makes this much easier. As you define additional control objectives,\n      you can easily add them to the automation for all workloads.Instead of having individual workload owners invest in security specific to their\n      workloads, save time by using common capabilities and shared components. Some examples of\n      services that multiple teams can consume include the AWS account creation process, centralized\n      identity for people, common logging configuration, and AMI and container base image creation.\n      This approach can help builders improve workload cycle times and consistently meet security\n      control objectives. When teams are more consistent, you can validate control objectives and\n      better report your control posture and risk position to stakeholders.Best practices SEC01-BP03 Identify and validate control objectivesSEC01-BP04 Keep up-to-date with security threats SEC01-BP05 Keep up-to-date with security\n  recommendationsSEC01-BP06 Automate testing and validation of security controls\n  in pipelines SEC01-BP07 Identify threats and prioritize mitigations using a threat\n  modelSEC01-BP08 Evaluate and implement new security services and\n  features regularly  Javascript is disabled or is unavailable in your browser.To use the Amazon Web Services Documentation, Javascript must be enabled. Please refer to your browser's Help pages for instructions.Document ConventionsSEC01-BP02 Secure account root user and propertiesSEC01-BP03 Identify and validate control objectivesDid this page help you? - YesThanks for letting us know we're doing a good job!If you've got a moment, please tell us what we did right so we can do more of it.Did this page help you? - NoThanks for letting us know this page needs work. We're sorry we let you down.If you've got a moment, please tell us how we can make the documentation better.", "metadata": {"source": "https://docs.aws.amazon.com/wellarchitected/latest/security-pillar/operating-your-workload-securely.html", "title": "Operating your workloads securely - Security Pillar", "description": "Operating workloads securely covers the whole lifecycle of a workload from design, to build, to run, and to ongoing improvement. One of the ways to improve your ability to operate securely in the cloud is by taking an organizational approach to governance. Governance is the way that decisions are guided consistently without depending solely on the good judgment of the people involved. Your governance model and process are the way you answer the question \u201cHow do I know that the control objectives for a given workload are met and are appropriate for that workload?\u201d Having a consistent approach to making decisions speeds up the deployment of workloads and helps raise the bar for the security capability in your organization.", "language": "en-US"}}