{"page_content": "AWS account management and separation - Security PillarAWS account management and separation - Security PillarAWSDocumentationAWS Well-ArchitectedAWS Well-Architected FrameworkAWS account management and\n      separationWe recommend that you organize workloads in separate accounts and group accounts based on\n      function, compliance requirements, or a common set of controls rather than mirroring your\n      organization\u2019s reporting structure. In AWS, accounts are a hard boundary. For example,\n      account-level separation is strongly recommended for isolating production workloads from\n      development and test workloads. \nManage accounts centrally: AWS Organizations automates AWS account creation and management, and control of those accounts after\n      they are created. When you create an account through AWS Organizations, it is important to consider the\n      email address you use, as this will be the root user that allows the password to be reset.\n      Organizations allows you to group accounts into organizational units (OUs), which can represent different environments based on the\n      workload\u2019s requirements and purpose. \nSet controls centrally: Control what your AWS accounts can do\n      by only allowing specific services, Regions, and service actions at the appropriate level.\n      AWS Organizations allows you to use service control policies (SCPs) to apply permission guardrails at\n      the organization, organizational unit, or account level, which apply to all AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) users and roles. For example, you can apply an\n      SCP that restricts users from launching resources in Regions that you have not explicitly\n      allowed. AWS Control Tower offers a simplified way to set up and govern multiple accounts. It\n      automates the setup of accounts in your AWS Organization, automates provisioning, applies\n      guardrails (which include prevention and detection), and provides you with a\n      dashboard for visibility. \nConfigure services and resources centrally: AWS Organizations helps\n      you configure AWS services that\n      apply to all of your accounts. For example, you can configure central logging of all actions\n      performed across your organization using AWS CloudTrail, and prevent member accounts from deactivating logging. You can also\n      centrally aggregate data for rules that you\u2019ve defined using AWS Config, allowing you to audit your workloads for compliance and\n      react quickly to changes. AWS CloudFormation StackSets allow you to centrally manage AWS CloudFormation stacks across accounts and OUs in\n      your organization. This allows you to automatically provision a new account to meet your\n      security requirements. Use the delegated administration feature of security services to separate the accounts\n      used for management from the organizational billing (management) account. Several AWS\n      services, such as GuardDuty, Security Hub, and AWS Config, support integrations with AWS\n      Organizations including designating a specific account for administrative functions.Best practices SEC01-BP01 Separate workloads using accountsSEC01-BP02 Secure account root user and properties Javascript is disabled or is unavailable in your browser.To use the Amazon Web Services Documentation, Javascript must be enabled. Please refer to your browser's Help pages for instructions.Document ConventionsGovernanceSEC01-BP01 Separate workloads using accountsDid this page help you? - YesThanks for letting us know we're doing a good job!If you've got a moment, please tell us what we did right so we can do more of it.Did this page help you? - NoThanks for letting us know this page needs work. We're sorry we let you down.If you've got a moment, please tell us how we can make the documentation better.", "metadata": {"source": "https://docs.aws.amazon.com/wellarchitected/latest/security-pillar/aws-account-management-and-separation.html", "title": "AWS account management and separation - Security Pillar", "description": "We recommend that you organize workloads in separate accounts and group accounts based on function, compliance requirements, or a common set of controls rather than mirroring your organization\u2019s reporting structure. In AWS, accounts are a hard boundary. For example, account-level separation is strongly recommended for isolating production workloads from development and test workloads.", "language": "en-US"}}